Well, talk a little bit about.
Cyber.
Oh, cyborg is battle of the greatest woman fighter of all time.
I think whoever wins that.
But is, but is that the case? Right?
Because Misha beats CyBorD or Misha beat,
Holly never fought CyBorD but the way she beat Holly was so spectacular.
How do you not always rank Meesha above Holly?
I know Misha retired and Holly is still super active and likely should have been
145 pound champion. Especially if you take away the deductions for the enemy,
she should've gotten some for too late shots. And then even on top of that,
you still see like Holly dropped her with a head kick and then dropped her with
a left hand as well. How.
He was also beating Misha in that fight.
If she was, but there was two rounds where she got dominated.
She got one round and mounted and couldn't do about it.
And then the last 15 seconds is a fight. Misha pulls out the ultimate,
takes her down and takes her back and then chokes her to sleep.
Which just one the best for sure. But if we're going to play that game,
then Holly Merck,
the girl who Meesha could never even hold a candle, Ronda Rousey.
That's true.
But don't you think that Misha kept getting better and that the Meesha who
fought?
I think the Meesha that fought against Holly Holm was very
much an improved version of the Meesha that fought against Rhonda.
But that Meesha right. She, her whole thing is grappling. Yeah.
So try implementing that game plan against Rhonda grappling. Enjoy that.
Yeah, but if she's got that over there, stand up.
That's one of the reasons why she was loud.
She got better than she did in the early round. Rhonda though. She.
Did. So did Rhonda. Yeah. She might, you know that she might to take a.
Step back, but then, but here's my problem. You got to look at Amanda Nunez,
Amanda Nunez beat the out of the, both of them. And the way she did it was like,
yeah.
The way she throws, like those warm of bang, bang. I mean, come.
On. She's yak. She's Amanda Nunez is yikes.
And I wish you got more promotional push.
Hammers.
If Holly home were able to pull off this upset she's number one for me beating
Rhonda and her prime beaten cyborg enterprise cyber is scary, man.
I realize that cyborgs always be lined everybody's she just comes straight in
and put so much pressure on you.
Not the last fight, Tanya. She went, you know what?
I'm not just going to murder this girl, watch them stick behind a jab.
I'm gonna figure something she doesn't know, put on a show.
How he has a way better chance. Because if she does that with Holly,
where she says I'm, cause I think she's got she's she's been training. You know,
I think it's almost like she's been training with somebody different.
So take your time, step back.
But a sparkling coach that's actually that.
Actually favors Holly, I think then her old style,
which is to come in close that.
Favorite Tali that if she booked comes at Holly pool,
like Rhonda did get kicked in the face.
With cyborg.
Is, oh, she's up?
She's so.
Strong. You know, she's.
Calculate here's the other X-Factor. If cyber goes, uh,
Holly kind of sucks on the ground. I'm a black belt on the ground.
I also can grapple like a. I'm not just going to stand in a strike with you.
I'm gonna take.
Then she's a naturally larger woman. She's way bigger.
So she gets against the [inaudible] issues and I'm trying on pick Tito Ortiz up.
Yeah. Is she a black belt now?
She's a black girl and she's competed as a brown belt. I know she did very well.
And did some high-level competition. She's a big woman.
Her and Debbie Garcia go add at.
Grappling. Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah. As she decides, she decides to go.
He should tape footage. Yes. And see how easy Meesha choked. Holly. Pardon? Me.
And her back pocket. She goes, all right. I'm the feet.
Let's get a little tricky. I'm going to.
She has a hard time making 45, right? Yes she does. Yes.
She would be better off. If there was a 155 pound woman's weight class,
you shouldn't have to cut so much weight. Yeah. I mean, she's leaned out.
She looks leaner now than she did when she was fighting in strike force.
You know, I think when she fought like Gina Carano, she was gigantic.
She's much smaller. Now. It's such a good fight though, but she's still,
she's still a destroyer. Yeah. You know, it's like,
I think for a lot of fighters.
Oh man. I, I feel like she's filing got to it where she, she deserves this.
Well, she definitely deserves this big high profile fight, but sodas Holly,
you know, they both do,
this is a really interesting fight because like clearly Holly's dangerous.
Right? She head kicks. Rhonda knocks her out. She had kicks, betcha,
Kohala knocked her out. She had kicked germane to random.
He was a multiple time world. Moya Thai champion head kicks,
her drops her. And a lot of people thought she should've got that decision.
At very least it was super close.
And Jermaine's is one of the best strikers in the world. She's a,
she's a nasty strike. So then if Holly and cyber just strike,
who gets the edge. Well it, see, here's the thing.
Like you can't sleep on Holly.
Like she's probably got a disadvantage when it comes to punching power and
probably a significant not probably. Yes she does. Yeah. I mean, we won't,
we really know cause Holly has dropped people and she does have sharp punches
and she's an 18 time world. Women's boxing champion. I mean, she's,
there's a lot of craziness to what Holly was able to do as a,
as a striker with her hands. Holly's more decorated.
As far as straight.
Striking cyber hits, she hits so hard.
And she's so aggressive. Did you, did you see.
Cyborg, uh, going against the gold medalist and the number one? Uh,
female box in the world. I think Clarissa shields.
Yes. That is her name. Yeah. Did you see him? You sent me this footage.
It's amazing. I mean,
Claressa shields is no joke. She's up to the.
Best.
Bosses. So to bring that up, it's crazy. It's crazy. It's fun to watch too,
because you realize, okay, well she can hang in the pocket.
She takes a tremendous shot. If you really want to be impressed by cyborg.
I say, you look at her one more time. I lost to Georgina bar.
I didn't see bars. Yeah. She's in Beltour kickboxing.
Now Zorina Bart is a monster.
She's this really tall woman from Holland.
Who's got outstanding technique. And she was haunted. Nobody was with her.
She couldn't get a fight for years. So she's given her some coaching here.
So cyborg decided to fight that more time monster. And it went to a decision.
Some good shots. Yeah.
And not only did it go to a decision decide where I have new tattoos on her
legs. No that's.
Tape. That's like a, uh, uh.
Performance tape on the top and that oh wow. How weird it's all crisscrossing.
Yeah. It's a video. Huh? Um, awful video.
But cyborg got dropped. A bunch of times kept getting up, you know,
came after her and was there for the final bell. Still swinging,
trying to take her. And Thai.
Girl had, had her hands full with a walk.
In the park.
It was not a walk and she's a specialist and she's so good during the
watch her fight. She's so good.
So here's a Cyborg's barn with look how good this girl is.
But look sideboard in that.
She's hanging in there. Yeah. She goes to the, to the house.
She goes to the body into doing work. She is, she's so good man.
But these girls are going at it. This is not like a light sparring session.
This is almost like a fight, you know?
And she's got to be careful because cyborg has big power.
So she's treating this, like, this is a dangerous fight for her. Look,
she's landing these shots,
but she's realizing like the stuff that's coming her way,
she can't take one of those on the point of the chin. She's getting tagged.
Look at this sidewalk tighter a couple of times,
but she's clearly like the more polished professional boxer sideboards doing
work though, is she is doing, you're not like beautiful left hook to the body.
Ooh. That step in left hook to the body. Oh, that's pretty. She's so good.
It's so important for a girl like her to get that kind of sparring into,
I mean, who the wants to spar with cyborg?
That's how it came about. Cyber-stalking not knowing what spar with her.
So this girl was like, I'll do it.
Wow. Let her kick ya. I gotta say that.
I gotta take a elbow tie fight with, uh, was it close? It was a,
it was a clear, unanimous decision, but it was dangerous at every turn. Yeah.
And also that woman.
You have more respect for cyber. You have to watch it. She wasn't gonna win,
but she.
I can do at work. She got head kicked with a stomp.
She got like front push kick to the face,
like right on the chin or next snap back, she fall down. She gets up,
is still chasing after she's a warrior man. She's a warrior,
but so's Holly, Holly just comes off like cleaner. And like, you know,
she comes off like more polished and she's very pretty. And it's very,
she's very calm and very kind and nice. Still hear her talk.
We're a female fighting's at that. You know,
it's such a high level now with these two that whoever wins,
this is the best of all time.
I think it's the forefront of the feminist movement. Boom, boom, boom.
No pressure.
Ladies. No worries. Um, it's, it's a very important fight for the sport.
That's for sure. You know,
because no one really out there who in my mind is compelling,
is willing to step in and challenge cyborg other than Holly in a fight,
Andre Laski, Frank mayor, back in the day. There's no one there, Tim Sylvia
who would, who would do work.
And that's a good point because I don't think they're at the same level yet in
the female division, but there's some real good talent. There.
There's some good female talent in MMA period. Right?
[inaudible] that, that, that rematch is going to be sick. Yeah.
That's an interesting rematch. You got throw up. Um, I'm getting close really?
I didn't eat all day and I drink all this caffeine really swallowing spit and he
brought a garbage can. He really wants to be sick. I just go throw it.
[inaudible] dear stick. Yeah, no it doesn't help. Right?
Don't you want pork chops in the cigar? I'm feeling I'm feeling nauseous.
Have a couple of pour shops, smoke a cigar. You'll be fine.
How about sausage sub what extra mustard? Gas. I got the smell,
my breath. Hmm. Um, this fight is important, man.
It's important for the sport, right? It's important to figure out what,
what style you need to beat cyborg. Like Tonya Evenger injured,
just fought a wild sort of brawling style and that like very limited success,
but it was like one of those things where cyborg just keeps advancing.
And in every exchange, every time it's just so much more firepower,
but Evan jurors, you know,
she was trying to win that fight as tough as they come. Yeah.
She was trying to win that fight.
This is a different fight because Holly is very dangerous and she has a weird.